Graggle is an experimental search engine that uses a novel graph-based datastructure, Context Graph, to identify important links between papers. To use it, simply search for papers as you normally would in the search bar. The resulting graph displayed is the k-hop neighbors of the paper from your search. The visualization is a [T-SNE lower-dimensional representation](http://www.jmlr.org/papers/volume9/vandermaaten08a/vandermaaten08a.pdf) of each paper's vector embedding, so if papers are close together, it means they are likely very similar. Likewise, if the edge between two papers is very dark (having a high weight), it means the papers are very similar. The papers are embedded using the [Node2Vec algorithm](https://cs.stanford.edu/~jure/pubs/node2vec-kdd16.pdf) on the Context Graph. The Context Graph is a graph where each paper is a node, and any words above a certain TF-IDF threshold that are shared between two papers are edges. Each edge has the weight of the sum of every word shared between the two nodes' TF-IDF score. 

---

Document recommendation systems have traditionally relied upon high-dimensional vector representations that scale poorly in corpora that contain highly diverse vocabulary. Graph-based approaches to represent corpora tend to focus on relationships in the metadata of papers, such as citation networks; this approach sacrifices focus on the actual text of the documents and is better suited for finding relationships outside of the papers’ content. We propose Context Graph, a novel technique to cluster documents by using a graph representation of a corpus whose nodes are papers, and edges are highly important words shared between them. Nodes in this graph representation of the corpus can then be represented as low-dimensional vector embeddings using well-known graph autoencoding techniques. To demonstrate the effectiveness of this technique, we have built a Context Graph from the open source papers that have been written about COVID-19 in the [CORD-19 dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/allen-institute-for-ai/CORD-19-research-challenge). 